So I recently randomly decided to try to use Emacs for my note taking
because I heard a lot of good things about the org mode.

And holy fucking fuck Org mode is amazing to say the least. It is more
robust than markdown due to supporting much much more feature wise. Also
the Emacs editor itself is also just a pleasure to work with( with Evil
AKA vim key bindings of course since I don\'t want to fucking destroy my
fingers ). I picked Doom emacs since I was still a noob at emacs and I
heard a lot of good reviews about it.

And just...wow it was like heaven. It removed my main issue with
markdown which is that there is no way to do easy subtext or supertext
like exponents for math formulas since I use my computer for taking
notes when studying. And making tables in markdown is also a bit of a
pain. But Org mode honestly solved all that. The creation of tables is a
breeze. It spaces out the lines and you can move between cells via the
tab key.

Also one **AMAZING** feature is the ability to collapse headers so it
saves screen space.

And some people talk about how emacs is bloat but luckily there is a
\"daemon mode\" thus I can have emacs open faster than my vim config.

One great thing is that emacs is mainly a graphical editor. Thus when I
want I can view images and browse the web inside the editor itself!! =D
Emacs is honestly like a small operating system. You can have an unholy
amount of features and tools built in at your disposal.

Though configuring emacss is a fucking pain in the ass. I tried to write
my own config after using doom emacs for a while but then realized how
painful it was. The debug/warning info for when something goes wrong in
your config is basically nonexistent. The documentation of plugins is an
extreme pain in the ass to find. And the plugin manager system isn\'t as
robust as Neovim in my opinion. Yesterday when I tried to write my own
config I tried 3 different plugins with each having their own random
issues which was just annoying to say the least but not only that the
community behind emacs feels a bit small compared to neovim in my
opinion due to the current sudden rise in popularity. Which is kinda
valid due because just look at how far terminals have come.. They have
more bling than some GUIs. But there still exists a community of emacs
users I guess. It\'s just a shame people don\'t experience the joy of
writing stuff in ORG mode.

Now....back to my configuration journey...

I tried plugin managers and then settled on melpa which was suggested by
my homie headset. Then I followed along with distrotubes tutorial series
on configuring emacs. But then disaster struck. I edited my config and
reloaded. Errors everywhere....but unfortunately I had forgotten what
changes I did to the config so I couldn\'t undo it. And the errors were
so cryptic I couldn\'t wrap my head around them. So, defeated and
dejected I returned back to doom emacs which I am currently using to
write this blog.

So yeah.....Emacs...not a perfect experience. In fact it is ****FAR****
far away from that. But it is still a fookin good operating system. I
just wish it had a good text editor built in. (sorry I couldn\'t resist
making that dumb joke). But yeah for now I will stick with emacs

BTW... **I STILL CANT FIGURE OUT HOW TO MAKE DOOOM EMACS FUCKING
TRANSPARENT AAAA**
